DataScience/projects/NLP/README.md, before:

## NLP Project Information:
The main goal is to prepare you to apply machine learning algorithms to real-world datasets.

### Previous projects

### Project Topics
Your first task is to pick a project topic. Here are some examples:

| **Dataset** | Overview   |  
|:------|:-------|

| *[Arabic Sentiment Analysis 2021](https://www.kaggle.com/c/arabic-sentiment-analysis-2021-kaust/overview)* | Will be updated soon | 
| *[COVID-19 Open Research Data](https://www.kaggle.com/allen-institute-for-ai/CORD-19-research-challenge)* | Will be updated soon |
| *[Poem Comprehensive Data (Arabic&English)](https://hci-lab.github.io/ArabicPoetry-1-Private/)* | Will be updated soon |
| *[Predict Closed Questions on Stack Overflow](https://www.kaggle.com/c/predict-closed-questions-on-stack-overflow/overview)* | Will be updated soon|
| *[Quora Question Pairs](https://www.kaggle.com/c/quora-question-pairs/overview)* | Will be updated soon |
| *[Resume Data](https://www.kaggle.com/snehaanbhawal/resume-dataset)* | Will be updated soon |
| *[Spooky Author Identification](https://www.kaggle.com/c/spooky-author-identification/overview)* | Will be updated soon |

Commit message:

added overview for each dataset

DataScience/projects/NLP/README.md, after:

## NLP Project Information:
The main goal is to prepare you to apply machine learning algorithms to real-world datasets.

### Previous projects

### Project Topics
Your first task is to pick a project topic. Here are some examples:

| **Dataset** | Overview   |  
|:------|:-------|
| *[Arabic Sentiment Analysis 2021](https://www.kaggle.com/c/arabic-sentiment-analysis-2021-kaust/overview)* | This dataset contains 55K annotated tweets for Arabic sentiment analysis (positive, negative, neutral). This dataset will also be extremely useful for building Arabic language models. More information about the dataset can be found in this [paper] (https://arxiv.org/abs/2011.00578).|
| *[COVID-19 Open Research Data](https://www.kaggle.com/allen-institute-for-ai/CORD-19-research-challenge)* | This dataset represents the most extensive machine-readable coronavirus literature collection available for data mining to date| 
| *[Poem Comprehensive Data (Arabic&English)](https://hci-lab.github.io/ArabicPoetry-1-Private/)* |  This is a poem comprehensive dataset for Arabic and English separated in two files. Arabic data have around 1.7M poetic verses. Each verse is labeled by its meter, the poet who wrote it, and the age which it was written in (There are 22 meters, 3701 poets and 11 ages). English data have around 200K verses.|
| *[Predict Closed Questions on Stack Overflow](https://www.kaggle.com/c/predict-closed-questions-on-stack-overflow/overview)* | This dataset provided by Stack Overflow. it contains post text and associated metadata at the time of post creation.|
| *[Quora Question Pairs](https://www.kaggle.com/c/quora-question-pairs/overview)* | This dataset provided by Quora. It's given to predict which of the provided pairs of questions contain two questions with the same meaning.|
| *[Resume Data](https://www.kaggle.com/snehaanbhawal/resume-dataset)* | This dataset contains 2400+ Resumes in string as well as PDF format. It's taken from livecareer.com|
| *[Spooky Author Identification](https://www.kaggle.com/c/spooky-author-identification/overview)* | This dataset contains text from works of fiction written by spooky authors of the public domain: Edgar Allan Poe, HP Lovecraft and Mary Shelley.|
